ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/appmanager/GroupHelper.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.appmanager.GroupHelper
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/appmanager/NavigationHelper.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.appmanager.NavigationHelper
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/model/ContactData.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.model.ContactData
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/appmanager/SessionHelper.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.appmanager.SessionHelper
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/appmanager/ContactHelper.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.appmanager.ContactHelper
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/model/Groups.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.model.Groups
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/generator/ContactDataGenerator.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.generator.ContactDataGenerator
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/generator/GroupDataGenerator.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.generator.GroupDataGenerator
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/LoginAdmin.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.LoginAdmin
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/model/Contacts.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.model.Contacts
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/appmanager/HelperBase.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.appmanager.HelperBase
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/model/GroupData.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.model.GroupData
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/tests/ContactPhoneTests.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.tests.ContactPhoneTests
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/tests/TestBase.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.tests.TestBase
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/tests/ContactCreationTests.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.tests.ContactCreationTests
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.tests.ContactCreationTests$1
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/appmanager/ApplicationManager.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.appmanager.ApplicationManager
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/tests/GroupModificationTests.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.tests.GroupModificationTests
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/tests/GroupDeletionTests.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.tests.GroupDeletionTests
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/tests/ContactDeletionTests.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.tests.ContactDeletionTests
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/tests/ContactModificationTests.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.tests.ContactModificationTests
ru/stqa/mfp/addressbook/tests/GroupCreationTests.java
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.tests.GroupCreationTests
 ru.stqa.mfp.addressbook.tests.GroupCreationTests$1
